# Release Notes

## 0.6.0-beta.7

- Update to pallet 0.8.0-beta.5

- Remove TieredStopAtLevel option
  Not supported on jdk 6

## 0.6.0-beta.6

- Update to pallet 0.8.0-beta.4

- Fix dependency cleaning
  Conflicting dependencies were only being removed when they appeared
  sequentially in the :dependencies vector.

- Make logging config more comprehensive

- Fix hooks so plugins aren't clobbered
  The hooks were returning nil for plugin dependencies, which meant plugins 
  loaded via profiles were failing.

## 0.6.0-beta.5

- Update to pallet 0.8.0-beta.2

- Add a transient localhost service

- Adjust classpath setup
  Ensure the original project.clj is not used as the base for running the
  plugin.

  Ensure profiles.clj profiles are applied correctly.

  Allow explicit addition of profiles on the command line.

  Moves log configuration to logback.xml to allow logback-test.xml in a
  project to override this.


## 0.6.0-beta.4

- Fix enforcement of either ws or xpcom

## 0.6.0-beta.3

- Update to pallet-vmfest-alpha.2
  Fixes an issue with supplied vbox.home property

- Add :no-project-needed to task
  The task can run outside of a project.

## 0.6.0-beta.2

- Fix dependency generated by plugin

## 0.6.0-beta.1

- Use pallet 0.8.0-beta.1

- Update GroupId to com.palletops

- Enforce xpcom or ws, and minimum clojure version

- Inject a default vmfest service

- Update for lein 2 and pallet 0.8
  Update for lein 2 error handling.  Adds the use of a :pallet profile if 
  available, with fallback on and internal profile.  This allows the plugin
  to work outside of a project, and still allows a project to use different
  pallet dependencies if required.

## 0.5.2

- Fix plugin for lein's use of ordered-map in :repositories. Fixes #5.

## 0.5.1

- Fix plugin when invoked with no arguments in lein 2. Fixes #4

## 0.5.0

- Update to run in lein2: Remove configleaf support, add pallet-lein.compat
  namespace with cross-version EIP, update pallet task code.

## 0.4.2

- remove lein-newnew templates
  These were causing an issue. See http://dev.clojure.org/jira/browse/TNS-1

- Update test to use :evel-in-leiningen

- Add logic to shutdown agents correctly

- Update dev dependencies

- Update to support Configleaf.
  Now supports Configleaf, it is present. Takes the environment from the
  :pallet/environment key of the config, if present, and passes it to
  pallet-task. Requires the changes to pallet.
